Add LSP console description to DEVELOPING.md (#692)
OpenLiberty/liberty-tools-intellij: README.md

| View unit test report (Maven)        | View the unit test report file if it exists at `/target/site/surefire-report.html`.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |
| View test report (Gradle)            | Open the test report file, if it exists at the `build/reports/tests/test/index.html` default location. This action command is available only to Gradle projects. Gradle projects have only a single action command for test result reporting.                                                                                                                                                                             |

> ## Technical Support

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Technical support
```

> If you experience a problem with this plugin you may be requested to collect language server messages to assist in problem determination. Follow these steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you experience a problem with this plugin you might be asked to collect language server messages to assist in problem determination. Follow these steps:
```

Author: Fixed

> 1. Click on the `Language Servers` tool window in the IntelliJ IDE to show the `LSP Consoles`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click the **Language Servers** tool window in the IntelliJ IDE to show the **LSP Consoles**.
```

Author: ok

> 2. Select the language server you need to monitor and next to `Trace` select `verbose`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Select the language server you need to monitor and then select **Trace** > **verbose**.
```

Author: ok

> 3. Perform the actions that demonstrate the issue and messages will appear in the console. Click on a message and select all the text in the console (e.g. `Ctrl-A` on Windows or `Cmd-A` on MacOS). Paste the text into a message to send to the developer assisting you with the issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Perform the actions that demonstrate the issue and messages will appear in the console. Click a message and select all the text in the console, for example, Ctrl+A on Windows or Cmd+A on MacOS. Paste the text into a message to send to the developer who is assisting you with the issue.
```

Author: Fixed.

> 3. Perform the actions that demonstrate the issue and messages will appear in the console. Click a message and select all the text in the console, for example, Ctrl-A on Windows or Cmd-A on MacOS. Paste the text into a message to send to the developer who is assisting you with the issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Perform the actions that demonstrate the issue and messages will appear in the console. Click a message and select all the text in the console, for example, Ctrl-A on Windows or Cmd-A on MacOS. Copy the text and paste it into a message to send to the developer who is assisting you with the issue.
```
